The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Don't limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do. You can go as far as your mind lets you. What you believe, remember, you can achieve.
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.
If people are doubting how far you can go, go so far that you can't hear them anymore.
We need to accept that we won't always make the right decisions, that we'll screw up royally sometimes – understanding that failure is not the opposite of success, it's part of success.
You've gotta dance like there's nobody watching, love like you'll never be hurt, sing like there's nobody listening, and live like it's heaven on earth.
Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten.
Everything you can imagine is real.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.
Do one thing every day that scares you.
Smart people learn from everything and everyone, average people from their experiences, stupid people already have all the answers.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right – for you'll be criticized anyway.
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
Whatever you are, be a good one.
The same boiling water that softens the potato hardens the egg. It's what you're made of. Not the circumstances.
If we have the attitude that it's going to be a great day it usually is.
You can either experience the pain of discipline or the pain of regret. The choice is yours.
Impossible is just an opinion.
Your passion is waiting for your courage to catch up.
Magic is believing in yourself. If you can make that happen, you can make anything happen.
If something is important enough, even if the odds are stacked against you, you should still do it.
Hold the vision, trust the process.
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
People who wonder if the glass is half empty or full miss the point. The glass is refillable.
One day or day one. You decide.
Say this out loud "I'm alive, motivated and ready to slay the day"
Good things come to those who work their asses off and never give up.
If you lack work ethic you’ll lack results.
A dream doesn't become reality through magic; it takes sweat, determination and hard work.
Never give up on a dream because of the time it will take to accomplish it. The time will pass anyway.